Xsoar file management (#26455)
demisto/content: Packs/DemistoRESTAPI/Integrations/CoreRESTAPI/README.md

## Configure Core REST API on Cortex XSOAR

1. Navigate to **Settings** > **Integrations** > **Servers & Services**.
2. Search for Core REST API.
3. Click **Add instance** to create and configure a new integration instance.

    | **Parameter** | **Description** | **Required** |
    | --- | --- | --- |
    | Core Server URL |  | True |
    | API Key ID | Please provide API Key ID when using Cortex XSIAM or Cortex XSOAR 8.0.0 and above. | False |
    | API Key |  | False |
    | Authentication method | Whether authentication should be using "Standard" API key or "Advanced" API key. For XSOAR version &amp;lt; 8.0.0, choose "Standard". | False |
    | Base marketplace url |  | False |
    | Trust any certificate (not secure) |  | False |
    | Use system proxy settings |  | False |
    | Use tenant | Whether API calls should be made to the current tenant instead of the main tenant. | False |

4. Click **Test** to validate the URLs, token, and connection.

## Commands

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

> ### demisto-api-post

Reviewer: Revert the naming of the commands to core not demisto

You can execute these commands from the Cortex XSOAR CLI, as part of an automation, or in a playbook.
After you successfully execute a command, a DBot message appears in the War Room with the command details.

***Please Note:*** When updating or making changes to a custom content item (integration, script, list, etc.), it may be necessary to increment the version of the item. To do so, first fetch the current version (usually via a GET command) and then increment the version by 1. Lastly, when updating an item, please use this incremented value for the `version` field.
### demisto-api-post

### core-api-post
***
send HTTP POST request

#### Base Command

`core-api-post`
`demisto-api-post`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| uri | Request URI (i.e. /incident). | Required | 
| body | Body of HTTP POST. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### demisto-api-get

#### Command Example
```!core-api-post uri=/lists/save body={\"name\":\"list_name\",\"data\":\"list_data\"}```
***
send HTTP GET requests

#### Human Readable Output
#### Base Command

> >{"response":{"commitMessage":"","data":"list_data","definitionId":"","description":"","fromServerVersion":"","id":"list_name","itemVersion":"","locked":false,"modified":"2022-05-29T12:20:14.988577Z","name":"list_name","nameLocked":false,"packID":"","prevName":"list_name","primaryTerm":6,"propagationLabels":["all"],"sequenceNumber":907233,"shouldCommit":false,"system":false,"tags":null,"toServerVersion":"","truncated":false,"type":"plain_text","vcShouldIgnore":false,"vcShouldKeepItemLegacyProdMachine":false,"version":1}}

Reviewer: revert this

| --- | --- | --- |
| uri | Request URI. | Required | 
| filename | File name of download. | Optional | 
| description | Description of file entry. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### demisto-api-multipart

#### Command Example
```!core-api-get uri=/user```
***
Send HTTP Multipart request to upload files to Demisto server

#### Human Readable Output
#### Base Command

`demisto-api-multipart`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| uri | Request URI. | Required | 
| entryID | File entry ID. | Required | 
| body | Request body. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### demisto-delete-incidents

***
Delete Demisto incidents

#### Base Command

`demisto-delete-incidents`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| ids | IDs of the incidents to delete. | Required | 
| fields | Comma separated list of fields to return, case sensitive. Set "all" for all fields. WARNING: Setting all fields may result in big results. Default is id,name,type,severity,status. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

> >{"response":{"addedSharedDashboards":["Threat Intelligence Feeds","Troubleshooting Instances"],"allRoles":["Administrator"],"defaultAdmin":true,"email":"admintest@core.com","id":"admin","image":"8327000###user_image_admin.png","lastLogin":"2022-05-29T15:13:46.224432+03:00","name":"Admin Dude","notificationsSettings":{"email":{"all":true},"pushNotifications":{"all":true}},"permissions":{"core":["scripts.rwx","playbooks.rw"]},"phone":"+650-123456","playgroundId":"beda-02ab-49ef-8fc1-c43a36f"}}

Reviewer: revert this

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### core-api-file-attachment-delete

***
Delete the attachment from the incident and from the Cortex XSOAR server.

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-attachment-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| incident_id | The incident's ID. | Required | 
| file_path | The file's path. | Required | 
| field_name | Name of the field (type attachment) from which to remove the attachment. Default is attachment. | Optional | 

#### Command example
```!core-api-file-attachment-delete file_path=1@1 incident_id=1```
#### Human Readable Output

>Attachment 1@1 deleted.
### core-api-file-check

***
Check if the file exists in Cortex XSOAR by entry_id.

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-check`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| entry_id | The War Room entry ID of the file. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| IsFileExists | unknown | Dictionary with EntryID as the key and boolean if the file exists as a value. | 

> ### demisto-api-post

Reviewer: All command naming should start with `core-api-`and not demisto. please fix

#### Human Readable Output

>The following packs installed successfully: AutoFocus

### core-api-file-upload

***
This command uploads to the incident a file that the user provided according to the entry_id or the content of the file

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-upload`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | incident_id | The incident's id. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| incident_id | The incident's ID. | Required | 
```

| file_name | The new file's name. | Optional | 
| file_content | The new file's content. | Optional | 
| entry_id | The War Room entry ID of the pack zip file. | Optional | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### core-api-file-delete

***
This command deletes a file from Xsoar by entry_id.

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| entry_id | The War Room entry ID of the file. | Required | 

#### Context Output

There is no context output for this command.
### core-api-file-attachment-delete

***
This command deletes the attachment from the incident and from the XSOAR server

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-attachment-delete`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | incident_id | The incident's id. | Required | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| incident_id | The incident's ID. | Required | 
```

| file_path | The file's path. | Required | 
| field_name | Name of the field (type attachment) you want to remove the attachment. Default is attachment. | Optional | 

#### Command example
```!core-api-file-attachment-delete file_path=1@1 incident_id=1```
#### Human Readable Output

>Attachment 1@1 deleted.
### core-api-file-check

***

> This command checks if the file is existing in Xsoar by entry_id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check if the file exists in Cortex XSOAR by entry_id.
```

#### Base Command

`core-api-file-check`

#### Input

| **Argument Name** | **Description** | **Required** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| entry_id | The War Room entry ID of the file. | Required | 

#### Context Output

| **Path** | **Type** | **Description** |
| --- | --- | --- |

> | IsFileExists | unknown | Dictionary with EntryID as key and boolean if the file exists as value | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| IsFileExists | unknown | Dictionary with EntryID as the key and boolean if the file exists as a value. | 
```
